Idea - allosteric sites:
  It appears that there are two potential allosteric sites that could interfere with the formation of the protein-protein
interface. The big question is whether or not the formation of the dimer is required for activity: if it is required
for the enzyme to be active, then blocking the formation of this interface could result in an effective non-competitive
inhibitor through allosteric means.

Now, the other cool thing about this idea is that these two allosteric sites are pretty close to each other (but only through space,
one allosteric site is located on one of the monomers and the other allosteric site is located on the other monomer, such that they
are actually quite far apart from each other when looking at a single monomer only), and they are both pretty close to the
active site. So the second question is if in addition to blocking the formation of the protein-protein interface, these allosteric
sites could influence the activity at the active site by modulating the dynamics. Now, back to the pair of allosteric sites: what I
thought would be cool is if we could design a molecule that would span both allosteric sites. The loop that includes residues 137
thru 141 effectively spans these two allosteric sites. The loop fits into a groove on the cognate surface and connects with one of
the deep allosteric pockets referenced above. The other allosteric site doesn't have a deep pocket to recognize the other end of
the molecule, but the groove for the loop 137 to 141 connects to this second allosteric site. There may be a chance to design
a branch in the molecule that straddles the N-terminus, one arm of the branch along ARG4 (possibly negatively charged forcing ARG4
side chain to fold back over the ligand) and the other arm in the deep groove between the N-terminus and the alpha-helix 293 thru
301. Might have to be a long and flexible molecule, but it could work. And of course, this is all predicated on activity requiring
an intact dimer...

There may be an opportunity here but this idea would be a secondary strategy to finding a competitive inhibitor.

The fragments for each allosteric site are:
 Site 1
 - x0887

 Site 2
 - x1187
 - x1086


Interesting: the scientists at Diamond didn't categorize x1187 and x1086 together. They tagged x1187 as a potential disrupter of 
the dimer interface, but not x1086. I wonder why?
